# onlineretaildatabase

The purpose of this project is to create a database for a retail organization like Globus, where customers can buy products both online and in physical stores. The main goal of the retail application database is to help store administrators analyze product sales, customer behavior, and employee performance, in order to improve sales.  

This project involves designing a unique database that can properly store and analyze the information that the company needs. By analyzing the data, the organization can identify products with minimal defects and maximum quality, which can help improve the overall quality of their products and increase sales.  

This database also helps the organization store and analyze customer, employee, and product sales details. With this information, the organization can identify highly-rated products, as well as the total revenue earned through online and offline payment methods.


Entities and Attributes:
Employee, customer, bill, address, zip code, payment, orders, supplier, order product, voucher, product, product details, product group, and review.

Queries:
- How many customers are there and group by category?
- Find at least 3 apartments whose name is “Avangard” or their Zipcode_ID is '720000'.
- Find the supplied product count and group them based on their product type or category.
- Find the total number of orders to be shipped immediately and is partially shipped.
- Find the total number of reviews and the average rating for each product.
- Find the total revenue earned with respect to their purchasing modes.
- Find the quantity of products available whose status is in progress and shipment duration is immediate.
- Find the total revenue generated by each product in the last quarter.
- Find customers payment ID, mode, Voucher applied, where the amount paid for the bill is greater than 1000.
- Find products with their respective colors.
- Find the product names with their respective groups.
- Find maximum salaries paid to each employee type.
- Find the total of salaries paid to each employee type.
- Get a list of customer who have made at least one purchase in the last 2 months.
- Find the total number of orders one customer has made.
- Find the total number of products in each product group.
- Get a list of top 10 products with the highest sales in the last year.
- Write a query to increase the salary of all those employees who joined at least 6 months before the current date.
